---
title: Term-3-week-7
layout: post
author: shaveen.colambage
permalink: /term-3-week-7/
source-id: 1LcfAK55x_k7VHFwrlR841GoOLNLAR9pgK0pYYj0mjRg
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>The penultimate lesson</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>11/06/17</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>Continuing codecademy</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>To accomplish a lot in the lesson and work independently</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td> Mainly</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I learnt by working on my own mainly and try harder. My partner had to leave for a music lesson so I was able to work independently and I didn't require any help from my classmates and only needed help from my teacher. I also managed to accomplish all the exercises except for one by myself.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I had to ask the teacher for help at the start of the lesson and I was rather stupid when it came to completing the exercise and interpreting his hints. Furthermore I was also copying my partner the entire time he was there which was pointless when I moved seats. However when he left I did manage to work by myself. Therefore I think I should work by myself so I work independently and do everything by myself.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>For next time,I will keep working on trying to work independently for the entire lesson and not ask for any help from the teacher or my peers. Also I will not copy my partner because I have achieved more than him at home because I had to reach the expected progress than the teacher asked us to do.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


