---
title: Year-8-Week-3
layout: post
author: shaveen.colambage
permalink: /year-8-week-3/
source-id: 1uw613A1A4_R3Tsdo0Ycw6NIN6KdnezCajpWSfqReCWo
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>Second week of FUSE</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>01/01/01</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>Continuing programs on FUSE</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>To not turn around and come equipped.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td> I mostly accomplished my targets.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Since all you had to do was read from the manual I found the work extremely easy because it was bound to work. However when it didn't work or there was a small technical glitch we solved it by reading the manual again and checked whether we put the correct code. So a strategy could be to triple check carefully that you witten the correct code and if that doesn’t work then you have to assume there is a technical problem.  </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Firstly my USB cable did not work which was very frustrating. This wasted me and my partner's time to write the code. After we had finished a program, our mouse got stuck by freezing and therefore we had to ask the teacher. This continues from one of my main targets which was to try as many possible solutions before asking the teacher. He told us to get a different mouse which was obvious.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>For next time I should learn to check that my equipment is working such as the USB cable. This is because if you are ill-equipped to a lesson it can cost your work time and therefore you are behind others.However when I went home the day after and told my dad we checked the cable and found that it worked at home. Furthermore I should try harder to think of more solutions to a problem. For example the mouse could have been easily swapped and that was the most obvious solution. Also when I am older I will not have adults or peers to help me as much and so need to get into the habit of working things out for myself.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


