---
title: Term-3-Week-1
layout: post
author: shaveen.colambage
permalink: /term-3-week-1/
source-id: 1TO9E0Vpww_svwfNhTgaQ4Cql6B2DHm--tpUvS5amKZE
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>Starting Codecademy</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>24/05/17</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>Starting my next term</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>To make as much progress as I can on Codecademy</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td> Yes</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I learnt by reading everything on the sidebar for each exercise. This proved useful because I was still able to remember all the facts now which is two weeks since i had that lesson and during the exercise it gave me examples of what the code should look like. The other good thing about it is that it doesn't do everything for you. You get told the facts then you have to use that knowledge to complete the task. Only if you get really stuck then you can actually look at the code.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I occasionally asked for help from my friends next to me when I got stuck. This is again my same problem from the previous term. Furthermore, all I needed to do was look thoroughly at the instructions and then it would have been easy to fix. Secondly I need to work slightly more quicker. I mean I did get an acceptable amount of progress made but other people had made one or two percent more than me and I wish to be at the high level in my class.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>For next time, I will work much more harder and quicker. To do this I need to be concentrated and not let anything distracted. We need to get about fifty percent done in this half-term and I only have two more weeks. This is mainly why I must work much harder. I also need to look at the instructions three times and read it carefully so I can finish a exercise quicker and move onto the next one. However I musn’t rush it because I might forget what I learnt quickly and the code I forgot could be valuable in the programs we have to make by ourselves.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


