---
title: Year-8-week-7
layout: post
author: shaveen.colambage
permalink: /year-8-week-7/
source-id: 1JXsOzx5amDXKB777aVDSZDd9n417n-fbYDSQlPV43jw
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>Week 7</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>12/03/17</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>Continuing electronic components</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>Working independently</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td> A bit.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I helped my partner more with setting up the equipment and looking at the diagram. This may not be the most prominent way of learning but it helps because when you at least try or help with preparations then you are on the road to learning knowledge. We found the lights were working when we used trial and error to find the correct position of the wires. This may have been done purposely to test us or it may be because the FUZE box on the manual may be different to our one.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I was the lesser of our pair in terms of brains and commitment. My partner was more committed to trying to find ways to make the light bulbs work. While i was helping setting up the equipment he was the one testing ways to make it work. However I also was trying to find ways to make it work but not as much as him. Moreover I didn't fully understand how our light bulbs worked.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>For next time , I will try to be the one leading our pair. This will mean I can learn more knowledge and understand how to play an important role in a team. As usual I should try to understand what is going on in the circuit so I have a good understanding for the future. This may be useful for future projects or my job which has a high chance of using a computer because the current world is becoming more technological.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


