---
title: Year 8-week 2
layout: post
author: shaveen.colambage
permalink: /year-8-week-2/
source-id: 1v7XvsMJ61B7Cu6Db56eJgUWXQVGtnYbVc5pTrClWgWM
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>Beginning Fuse</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>22/01/17</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>Using the renowned FUSE program</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>To work without asking help from a teacher or peer</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td> Not entirely but the majority of the lesson I did.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I found the this lesson easy because we had to just copy out of a booklet instead of thinking for ourselves in coding like we did in Year 7. Once when it wasn't working I looked back at the booklet and found that it wasn’t meant to be working. Therefore I know that double checking your work is useful and you should do it carefully because in coding a punctuation or incorrect letter can make a difference. </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning was working with another person. This is because two people are better than one therefore you can have more solutions. But if you work on your own you are more likely to face more issues and learn from solving them. Furthermore since this is just copying out of a book it is easy because virtually all the work has been done for you. However On the robot arm it is probably better to work in pairs. I occasionally asked for help such as why our desktop wasn’t working and the solution was very simple-turn on the button at the back.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Personally I don’t that there was a lot needed to work on from this lesson. This ( as stated above) was because the work was exceptionally easy. The only things I could have done was just resisting to ask for the entire lesson and work harder. This is because we only did two programs. This was considerably above average but I think if we worked harder we could have fitted three or four programs. I did not know that we had to bring a USB charger because he never told us to but as a secondary improvement I should try to think out of the box during and before lessons.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


