---
title: Term-3-week-3
layout: post
author: shaveen.colambage
permalink: /term-3-week-3/
source-id: 1-49nVxk1XyiMI2XDeBuWAQ9TtWLI-y-Gr7dPjUz0hKI
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>Continuing Codecademy</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>15/05/17</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>Continuing Codecademy</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>Remembering what have I learnt</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td> Not fully</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I learnt by asking other people of what to be done and how to do it. While some may argue that this does not help because you not actually working out the problem for yourself it can help your learning because when people aid you with your work, you can remember what they are doing or what said to you. Furthermore I sometimes read the description on the side which was better than last time where I hardly did any.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning was the fact that I was asking other people for help. Mr Keen said that it is cheating if you are giving or receiving answers to someone else. As said in other blog posts you are more likely to remember what you have learnt if you do it by yourself than if you let someone else do the work for you. Moreover I had to miss some of the lesson because Mr Burn needed our help with moving different boxes.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>For next time, I will to keep working on my main target which is do the entire lesson by myself. By this year I need to able to do all the work by myself in each lesson. So this skill is not just useful for IT but also for every other subject. Secondly I still need to be working on remembering the facts that are taught in the lesson- told by Mr keen and taught by the computer. These facts will be tested at the end of the topic so it would be a waste if I had to look back at my previous tasks.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


