---
title: Term-3-week-8
layout: post
author: shaveen.colambage
permalink: /term-3-week-8/
source-id: 1Ci4259tSQRdeRU-MLB48VN8dANSVKEMBbdlvPAbY67U
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>The year</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>18/06/17</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>How the year has been</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td></td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td> Yes</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Over this year I have improved on my previous targets such as working more independently and figuring out problems by myself. This is because I usually do not work by myself and have to ask other people for help last year but i have gradually improved on that target. Furthermore I have also tried to fix the problem by myself which is different to last year when I had to constantly ask others for help.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I was limited by the fact that I had not fully learnt to work independently by myself and asking others for help. Furthermore I was looking across at my partner's desk to copy off him which is also not very good. I mainly had a big target which is made up of many different types of targets which as stated above is not to copy off others.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>For next year, I will try to become fully independent and never or not commonly ask others for help. This is to help me improve my confidence to work out problems by myself and working independently. I want to do IT related subjects for my GCSE's because apparently now many jobs will be better received if you mention that you have coding skills due to the rapidly technology-growing world.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


