---
title: Year-8-week-5
layout: post
author: shaveen.colambage
permalink: /year-8-week-5/
source-id: 1xXbW0EXnXZiodavZUAGu7mxf5FQMGjhATy-ICuRz5_c
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>Week 5</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>20/02/17</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>Finishing the programs</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>Working on my on my typing skills and bring the correct equipment.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td> Yes</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I learnt from reading the objectives in the manual and what we were trying to accomplish. Also I was able to type well which increased our progress speed. This may not be a technical target but it still allowed me to accomplish more in the lesson. Also I bought a working USB cable which meant I could save my work.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>This time we were able to move onto electronic components. My partner and I did not accomplish a lot with this task. We were struggling to make the bulb work. My partner wanted to move on but I didn't. However I was not contributing a lot to our issue and not trying desperately to find a solution. Also what I was reading in the manual, I didn’t fully understand it because we had to move on.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>For next time I will try harder and not give up as easily in a problem. If I accomplish the problem then I will be able to learn something and feel proud. Also next time I will try to learn what we are doing in the manual more thoroughly so I am prepared for our final project- the robot arm. Also for next time i will try to do some background knowledge on electric components so i understand what we are doing.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


