---
title: Year-8-Week-4
layout: post
author: shaveen.colambage
permalink: /year-8-week-4/
source-id: 1f6x8tBDVY54XgIx7iGSkFkkr2RSDhfXa1EURe3rizIo
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>Making a blog</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>01/01/01</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>Continuing the program</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>Not ask the teacher without trying many possibilities.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td> Yes</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>This time we had to type up larger programs and more complicated ones. It was sometimes confusing on where we were but my partner and I were able to keep up. Since these programs were larger there was a higher chance of errors but it was okay because the both of us were able to spot errors and tell the person typing to fix it. So I learned that you should always look at what your partner is doing if they are doing the correct thing or that I am are doing the wrong thing. I also did not speak to the teacher about the work.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Firstly my USB cable did not work again for the second time despite checking it at home. Incase it didn't work again I bought another one however my partner wouldn’t allow me to use it because we had to carry on with the lesson so he told me that he would send it to me via google docs. Secondly as a minor improvement I could have quickened my typing because I was a bit slow and we could have made more progress.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>For next time I will try to test the other cable and if that does not work then I will see Mr Keen  about the issue. Before next lesson I might try some typing websites on the internet. This is so I can improve my typing skills because currently I am typing by having my hands above the keyboard and pressing the keys one at a time. Professionals have their entire hand on the keyboard and remember where all the keys are so can look on the screen the entire time. However a major improvement is to remember what have done in the lesson specifically such as the uses of loops or binary numbers. So in the future I should have a good read of what the purpose of doing that exercise is.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


