---
title: Year 8-week 1
layout: post
author: shaveen.colambage
permalink: /year-8-week-1/
tags:
- faq
source-id: 1q0MPDCerx5FpMnJVGoSfE0tNtVtV2jbk5yVkN-g4UvQ
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>First Lesson of Year 8</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>09/01/17</td>
  </tr>
</table>



| Title     | First Lesson of Year 8  | 
| --------  |---------                |
| Date      | 09/01/17                |



<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>Cloning my github repository</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>To create a repository by myself as much as possible.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? (add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td> Not really.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I checked whether the cloned page had been published by typing up the repository and it wasn't there and when I checked on the settings tab there was nothing.So I decided to use the FAQ sheet provided and checked. On the sheet it said if it does not say it was published then you spelt your repository incorrectly. I did not know whether it meant a cloned repository or your first one. Thus I asked Mr Keen for help. I learnt that I should try the options available to me because even if it fails I can try again. Furthermore I learnt that it is useful to try and figure out what's going wrong before going to a teacher because you can be more specific on what to be helped with.
</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I need to work more independently and not give up easily. During the lesson I requested help from a lot of people when I could have easily checked the screen on what to do or used the FAQ sheet. That is one area I need to improve on. Last year my french teacher told me that if you work things out on your own you are more likely to remember what you did. 
</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Next time I will try to resist the temptation to ask for help from others and check more carefully on the screen on what to do. This will improve my learning because in more difficult tasks I can work independently and when struggling I won’t give up as easy. The project for this half-term is constructing code for a robot arm. Mr Ampah-Korsah says this will take time to complete. So it will also be good for focus.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


