---
title: Year-8-Week-9
layout: post
author: shaveen.colambage
permalink: /year-8-week-9/
source-id: 1gIcPLYv-9Z09QpXw9l7qcU8O2aY7Y9kPOLcgUVyONXE
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>Week 9</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>27/02/17</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>Starting the robot arm</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>To concentrate very hard and accomplish a lot in the lesson.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td> Yes</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I learnt this time by reading the manual. The instructions to type in were actually quite obvious such as elbow- left or right. It wouldn't require a lot of thought to make a program when you see that code. Furthermore it was much easier because surprisingly you had the code right in front of you and you did not have to do any thinking at all. However I also learnt from being the "professor" in our pair.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning was not being able to understand which of the programs to do. This is because when I asked other people they said to do one program and another said to the other. This was most confusing so I just followed what I thought was right. Moreover I was not able to write all of the program which severely limited our learning because despite making the robot arm work we could not control it fully and may have done if we had the complete code.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>For next time I will know what is to be done and therefore have an advantage and work much quicker. I will also try again to read the program and understand what we are doing. I might also learn the hardware and components in the robot arm. Once it was not working but my partner discovered it was because one of the switches was not on. Furthermore my blog posts have not been working and the problems are quite frustrating so I will ask Mr Keen.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


