---
title: Term-3-week-6
layout: post
author: shaveen.colambage
permalink: /term-3-week-6/
source-id: 19YuQBuz_dLYyWbh1wpGXzm1pkUV3CbWWqouGcjsrgWo
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>Continuing codecademy</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>4/06/17</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>Continuing codecademy</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>To accomplish a lot in the lesson</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td> Mainly</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I learnt by mainly working independent and accomplishing a fair bit in the lesson. I only required a bit of help from the other pupils but otherwise I was okay. I managed to do a lot more work than the previous lesson and I worked well with my partner for the majority of the lesson and we were able to make a lot of progress.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>While I did accomplish a lot more in the lesson I didn't try to push myself to my maximum potential. I need to work on concentrating and staying focused for the entire of the lesson. If I can do this I can work very well and finish a lot more quicker. Secondly I need to keep working on not asking people for help.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>For next time, I will fully work independently in the lesson and not ask anyone for help. Also I will concentrate more in the lesson and achieve much more in the lesson. To concentrate, methods I can use include keeping hydrated; not talking a lot in the lesson and only thinking about the work and nothing else. This will guarantee me working far beyond what we are expected to do.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


