---
title: Term-3-week-2
layout: post
author: shaveen.colambage
permalink: /term-3-week-2/
source-id: 1DH7A7qq8qWoZLNH9lLUQ7RIgggJiQxFczLFa7-0R0PE
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>Our next lesson of codecademy</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>8/05/17</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>Continuing Codecademy</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>To work harder</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td> Yes</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I learnt by reading the instructions given to me and writing down the code. Only if the code did not work then I would ask one of my friends to help me. The reason for asking a friend than a teacher is better is because they might be stuck on the same problem as well so you can work together to find the solution. However since the code is just virtually given to you I found not a lot of problems while writing it so i found it was easy.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I was not learning a lot because i did not fully take in what I was writing. I should work on this because if I fully understand everything I am doing then I could have more opportunities. I mean what's the point of writing something that you don’t understand and is vital for you. Secondly the person next to me was really struggling with his work so I tried to help him. I spent roughly three minutes figuring out what was wrong which accounted to nothing. That three minutes could have been more useful for my work.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>For next time, I will try to fully learn what I am doing and remember it. Possible ways of doing this is maybe making notes on a google doc on what I have learnt and what I need to revise more. For the ones I need to revise more I should keep practising them on other websites as well as Codecademy. Furthermore I should only try to help other people to the minimum. I should only spend a minute on helping them and if I can’t, then I should tell them to ask the teacher.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


