---
title: Week-6-error
layout: post
author: shaveen.colambage
permalink: /week-6-error/
source-id: 1GvQb0fdQ87u9ZMjr-caonnyyIs2CuPuI1sq0a8T1UyE
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>Week 6</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>27/02/17</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>Electronic components.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>To work independently and successfully</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td> No</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Well I learnt that I should try as many different possible solutions without giving up and if you think logically before doing something then there is a higher chance of success. Furthermore I learnt that you must have a restrictor for the wires to control the amount of energy. Moreover I knew that the wires were different types of length but i did not know that they allowed different amounts of energy through them.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>As before I gave up very easily. This meant that I could not get a lot out of the lesson. In the end we had to ask another person and our mistake was easily amended. All we had to do was move the one end of the wire to the socket next to it. There was a countless possibilities of what we had to do to fix it but that error seems very stupid.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>For next time I must try much harder to improve my concentration and effort. Moreover I must look at the diagram or instructions several times to understand what I am exactly  doing or what I need to do when something is not working. Furthermore, I should think logically about how to solve the issue and check three times whether what i have done is correct. However when we were looking at the diagram, It seemed quite confusing of the labels.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


