---
title: Half-Term
layout: post
author: shaveen.colambage
permalink: /half-term/
source-id: 1_FzBt4L_d_3K4AjkUVRwG76Ig4N881dK635esglTBH0
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>Half-Term homework</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>02/06/17</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>Continuing Codecademy</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>To get as much done as possible in the half-term</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td> Not really</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I learnt by looking back at my work and remembering what I have already learnt. If I keep remembering what I have already done it will soon settle into my mind and I can remember for a long time. Furthermore I am meant to be recording when I did coding at home. I coded today and yesterday. I did half an hour today and yesterday and I will do some coding on Sunday because I am away on Saturday. I had to scrunch up the coding because last wek was exam week and at the start of this week we went to places.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>When I was coding at home I was limited by the fact that I did not work too quick enough so I could complete the exercises thus limiting my progress. I need to work much more harder and logically to get the work done so I reach the target by the end of the term and I am at the same pace as the other smart people in the class. </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Next time, I receive a homework like this I will find as much free time as possible and do the required amount of work that we are set. Secondly I will try to accomplish much more when doing the exercises by working harder and much more logically. I realise this is not a simple target and requires a lot of hard work and concentration.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


