---
title: Term-3-week-4
layout: post
author: shaveen.colambage
permalink: /term-3-week-4/
source-id: 1qxx8zAtiYNbxiZzNueFoyg_KTQUaHuoPaucLiz3RU_c
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>Learning about functions</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>05/06/17</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>Discussing how to write code so it functions</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>To learn what we are talking about in the discussion</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td>Yes</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I learnt by listening carefully to what other people were saying in the lesson and reading and fully understanding what was on the board. Furthermore I learnt by trying and answering the questions. This led to me understanding what we were being told by Mr Keen in the lesson and how you had to think practically and logically when writing the code because it may not work.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I was limited by the fact that some people asked stupid questions which hindered my learning because we couldn't learn as much. Also we went offtrack for some of the lesson from where we started which also led to me not being able to learn as much. Moreover i wasn’t concentrating when we were talking which led to me being not able to fully take in everything that happened in the lesson.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Next time, we have a discussion like this I will try to contribute more by asking and answering questions. This will show me as a positive individual and someone who wants to learn. I will also try to fully take in and focus on what on other people are saying and what is happening at the moment.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


