---
title: Year-8-Week-8
layout: post
author: shaveen.colambage
permalink: /year-8-week-8/
source-id: 1Kn3VDGCp1UXmFnKRTGcxeHn6vlRrKzMStOtodBYbt0c
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>Week 8</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>19/03/17</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>Finishing Electronic components.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>To do more work in my pair.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td> Yes</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I learnt from trial and error. This is because the manual was sometimes incorrect. Furthermore I was doing the same amount of work as my partner because we took turns in writing code and setting up the equipment. This time our circuits worked quite well which meant that we could make more progress. Moreover my partner and I work well together so we can work fluently.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>At the start I was doing the program for what we had done last lesson and had forgot about that. This wasted our time so we could not make more progress and start the final phase of the term which is a robot arm. I was also only able to do roughly two or three programs which I feel can be improved and I may have been able to have done more. The time is key because my partner and I have only two weeks to do another program and the robot arm so i really need to work harder.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>For next time I will work much harder and this includes: typing quicker; setting up the equipment quicker and thinking very logically and thoughtfully around problems. Furthermore I will learn coding languages at home to help me fully understand what I am doing and to speed up the process. I will do this at home because I cannot afford time in the lesson.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


