---
title: Term-3-week-5
layout: post
author: shaveen.colambage
permalink: /term-3-week-5/
source-id: 1ZhS6fxar5kGRL1wm3mbTIqtcyn-abxSsz7ZMDeYUTuM
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>Continuing codecademy</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>27/05/17</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>Continuing codecademy</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>To work independently</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td> Mainly</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I learnt by working mainly on my own or with my partner. I swapped seats because my new partner is on the same progress as me so we decided to help each other and work together. We mainly worked by ourselves and I did not ask other people a lot of questions. However on the rare occasions that I was very stuck I asked for help from people who had made a lot more progress.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I occasionally asked for help from my friends around me when I should have tried to solve the problem by myself. Also I did not accomplish a lot in the lesson and should have tried harder to complete the exercises quickly and efficiently despite the heat and my thirst due to the sweltering day.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>For next time, I will work more efficiently and accomplish more in the lesson no matter the circumstances. This will help to improve my report in both ways and also allow me to accomplish things quicker and allow me to catch up with the frontrunners in our class. Moreover I will fully work independently  in the lesson and never give up. I may not complete my target in the next lesson so will try to gradually improve my independent learning.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


